
Nu Century Maintenance Systems
Established 1988

Welcome to Nu-Century Maintenance

Since 1988, Nu-Century Maintenance has been providing superior janitorial and floor maintenance services to both commercial and industrial accounts, ranging in size from 850 square feet to 200,000 square feet. Our service area includes the Seattle, Tacoma and Olympia metro areas.

Why Choose Nu-Century Maintenance for all your janitorial and cleaning services needs?

We will design specific cleaning specifications and give you a competitive bid.
Our scheduled comprehensive service programs for janitorial and floor maintenance makes it easy for you to concentrate on running your business!
Our staff have the experience and training to correctly maintain all types of commercial and industrial accounts.
Regular inspections with customers and Janitorial Service Providers to ensure that work standards are being met.
We also provide customer logs for immediate communication with the Janitorial Service Providers, if needed.
Fully licensed and insured.
"Certified Green" cleaning products for healthier work environments.

Nu-Century Janitorial services
Nu-Century Maintenance provides janitorial cleaning from 1 to 7 days per week, based on your needs.

Our general minimum services include:
Microfiber dust and damp mopping of floors.
HEPA machine vacuuming
Horizontal cleaning of surfaces
Restroom cleaning
Carpet cleaning
Trash and recycling removal
Stairwell and elevator cleaning

We provide written specifications for your facility, including customer-specific tasks. These specifications are yours to review at any time and are given to the Janitorial Service Providers to ensure understanding of customer expectations. We do frequent reviews of buildings with you to ensure all work meets or exceeds expectations.

Nu-Century Floor & General Maintenance Specialists

Maintaining your floors and carpets on a regular basis is extremely importatnt and necessary for many reasons, including
* Reducing floor repair and replacement costs
* Providing a healthy and safe workplace
* Encouraging cleanliness on the part of employees and visitors
* Presenting a professional image to all visitors
* Projecting a first class organization that is stable (remove)

We have staff trained to clean your floors with expert care. Floor coverings in which we specialize include:
* Resilient (vinyl) floors
* Carpets
* Ceramic and other tile
* Terrazzo
* Limestone/ Luxury vinyl floors
* Marmoleum floors

Nu-Century General Maintenance
We provide additional building services for our customers, which include:
* Painting
* Window washing
* Pressure washing
* Post-construction cleanup
* Paint cleanups

Written estimates are provided before any work is started, outlining all specifications. We pride ourselves on being available for your needs especially when you need it done yesterday!

Nu-Century FAQ

1. How do I obtain a bid? How quickly do you respond?
2. What if I am dissatisfied with the service? What steps do you take to correct any problems?
3. What are your terms?
4. How do I determine what frequency of service I need?
5. Do you specialize in other areas of cleaning?

1. How do I obtain a bid? How quickly do you respond?
We obtain bids through referrals, telephone, fax or email. We respond with a walk through of your facility within 24 hours of receiving the information of interest and pride ourselves in delivering a bid by fax or in person within 24 hours of the walk through on "normal" bids. We will sit down with you and discuss your specific needs and then translate those into the work specifications document.

2. What if I am dissatisfied with the service? What steps do you take to correct any problems?
We have several guidelines in place to ensure customer satisfaction:
We obtain as much information up front from the customer to make sure your needs are clearly spelled out;
We have a customer log book in each facility to correct any problems that might arise quickly, by helping communication between the janitor and the account;
We keep track of all customer complaints and how the janitor has responded;
We do walk-throughs to determine whether specifications are met;
We monitor all chemical usage and review cleaning techniques to enhance the janitors cleaning of your facility.

3. What are your terms?
Currently, net 25 days from receipt of invoice. We bill at the beginning of each month or pro-rate any service which does not start at the beginning of the month.

4. How do I determine what frequency of service I need?
Three main factors determine a cleaning schedule.
Level of cleanliness desired;
Density of the facility, i.e., how many people are in the building per square foot;
Whether or not a routine general maintenance of the facility is requested
If these questions are answered upfront in the initial walk through, then the suggested level of service will be determined and quoted.

5. Do you specialize in other areas of cleaning?
We have special ongoing programs with many customers for doing floor maintenance, including stripping/scrubbing vinyl floors and cleaning carpets. We also wash windows and are involved in construction cleanup.

Contact Nu-Century Maintenance
206-459-2018
carlhicksjr@msn.com
Carl Hicks, Jr. 
President